add rna merge scripts (#2)
d3b-center/d3b-bixu-data-assembly: scripts/merge_fusion/README.md

> # Merge StarFusion and Arriba 
> 
> 
> ### Description
> 
> - The folder scripts are orginal written by @kgaonkar6 from here: https://github.com/d3b-center/ngs_assembly_rna/tree/main/analyses/merge_fusion

Reviewer: Maybe? 
```suggestion
# Merge StarFusion and Arriba 

### Description

- Modified from [here](https://github.com/d3b-center/ngs_assembly_rna/tree/main/analyses/merge_fusion) to use within cwl workflow
```
